Indian team t-shirts


1.Official Adidas One Day International Cricket Jersey 2025
The lightweight jersey India players wear in ODIs. Designed in a striking true-blue colour, the new ODI jersey is characterized by a bold tri colour ombre effect on the sleeves, celebrating India's pride and national fervour. Further, for a comfortable experience during extended matches, adidas has updated the jacquard base fabric with a terry loop pattern and has also introduced cut & sew details to enhance the jersey's durability along with incorporating the Climacool+ technology for faster sweat absorption. Made with 100% recycled material, the jersey embodies adidas' commitment to sustainability while also delivering a state-of-the-art performance kit for the Indian Women's and Men's cricket teams.


2.Official Adidas Team India Cricket T20 International Jersey 2024
Celebrate your passion for cricket and show your support for the Indian national team with the Official India Cricket T20 International Jersey for 2024. Crafted with precision and designed for performance, this jersey is the perfect blend of style, comfort, and national pride. Whether you're cheering from the stands, playing a match, or watching from home, this jersey ensures you look and feel like part of the team. the made from high-quality, breathable polyester, this jersey offers superior comfort and durability. The moisture-wicking technology keeps you cool and dry even during the most intense matches The 2024 edition features a vibrant combination of India's iconic blue with stylish accents of orange and green, symbolizing the national flag. The modern pattern and sleek lines add a contemporary touch to the traditional colors.Proudly display the official BCCI crest on the left chest, along with sponsor logos that reflect the jersey's authenticity. The intricate embroidery and detailing ensure a premium look ,wearing the India Cricket T20 International Jersey 2024 is more than just donning a piece of clothing; it's about embodying the spirit of cricket and showing unwavering support for Team India.


3.Blue Printed Regular Fit India ODI Cricket Jersey
Emphasize opulent charm with your exquisite choice by donning this blue regular fit jersey from adidas. Crafted using premium quality polyester fabric, it will be very soft to the skin. Exuding short sleeves, it is sure to fetch you compliments from all. The printed pattern makes it a captivating choice.

4.Adidas Men's India Cricket Test Jersey
The India Test Jersey has landed and its yours for the taking. Test Jersey comes with the iconic 3 Stripes on the shoulder. This comes with mesh insert on the sides for optimum ventilation. Designed in the adidas HEAT.RDY technology, this breathable fabric technology absorbs moisture, dries quickly & keeps you cool while performing.

5.womens INTERNATIONAL CRICKET JERSEY
Women’s ODI cricket jersey with Dream 11 logo is for every Indian Cricket Fan. The ODI jersey design represents the raw power, fierce beauty and undeniable strength of the tiger. You will find it in the traditional ikat pattern that adorns the fabric and brings to life the tiger’s stripes. Each stripe is imbued with an indomitable spirit, one that makes you believe “impossible is nothing.” Designed in the adidas HEAT.RDY technology, this breathable fabric technology absorbs moisture, dries quickly & keeps you cool while performing.